conrnnrs

—-—-—

Wrrrnn Caesar ie detained in Italy, the chieftains of Transalpine
Gaul hold secret eouncile for regaining their liberty3 1.—
The Carnr'rtes rising in arma kill the Romans at Genbbum‚
2, 3.—Veroingetbrix, after some trifling opposition, succeeds
in indueing hie people, the Arverni, to join the rebellion.
Obtains the adherence of several tribes. His great severity
in the exercite of his power. Joined by the Biturigee5 4, ς.-
caesar sets out for Transalpine Gaul. Lucterius Cadurcus
being sent by Vercingetbrix secures the adhesion of the
Ruteni to the Gallie cause. caesar arrives at Narbo. Hie
course of action3 6, 7.-Croeeing Mount Cebenna, Caesar
unexpectedly arrives at the territory of the Arverni. Alarm
of the Arverni3 8.—Caesar leaving the Roman army under
the command of Brutus proceeds with all speed to Vienna.
Vercingetbrirr obtaining information of Caesar's movements
beeieges Gorgobina, a city of the Boii3 9.-Caesar much per-
plered ao to the course to be pnrsued. Leaving two legione
an'd the baggage of hir whole army at Agendicum‚ he pro-
ceeds to the country of the Boii. Takes the towns Vellauno-
donum, Genlbnm, and Noviodr'rnum. Proeeeoetn mrtem-s
10—13.-Vereingetbrix altero tto taenea. Setiae zo ὃ* ⁹⁴³¹

 

